feat: manufacturing documentation for v13 (#74)
frappe/erpnext_documentation: erpnext_documentation/www/docs/user/manual/en/manufacturing/reports/bom-search.md

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->

> # BOM Search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# BOM Search Report
```

> To access the BOM Search, go to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the BOM Search report, go to:
```

> Home > Manufacturing > Reports > BOM Search

<img class="screenshot" alt="Task" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/manufacturing/bom-search.png">

> In this report, users can search for specific BOMs based on the items of the raw material used in them, then open it. Useful if you have a lot of BOMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this report, you can search for specific BOMs based on the Items (raw materials) used in them. This report is useful if you have hundreds or thousands of BOMs.
```
